OKTA-413125 Overall style edit for OIE embedded auth content - part 1 (#2571)
okta/okta-developer-docs: packages/@okta/vuepress-site/docs/guides/oie-embedded-common-org-setup/main/android/redirecturi.md

>   If you're using the sample app, use `com.okta.sample.android:/login`. Otherwise, use a URI that your app accepts.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
  If you're using the sample app, use either `com.okta.sample.android:/login` or a URI that your app accepts.
```
